# BOOKOFANSWERS

## Overview
Welcome to the Random Answer Generator website repository! This fun and interactive project allows users to think of a question, tap a button, and receive a randomly generated general answer. The premise is simple and light-hearted, designed to add a bit of fun and spontaneity to your day.

## Features
- **Random Answer Selection:** Every time you tap the button, the website provides a new random answer.
- **User-Friendly Interface:** Clean and straightforward design to ensure ease of use.
- **Responsive Design:** The website is designed to work seamlessly on both desktop and mobile devices.

## How to Use
1. Clone the repository to your local machine using:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/BishalK007/bookofanswers.git
   ```
2. Do a
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
   
## Contribution
Feel free to contribute to this project by submitting issues or pull requests. Whether it's adding new features, improving the design, or fixing bugs, your contributions are welcome!

## Disclaimer
This project is meant purely for entertainment purposes. The random answers generated by the website are not based on any algorithm or logic that can accurately predict or answer your questions. It is just a fun project to bring some randomness into your day.

## TL;DR
This is a fun project where you think of a question, tap a button, and get a random general answer. It is purely for entertainment and cannot accurately predict your answers.

---

Enjoy using the Random Answer Generator and add a bit of randomness to your life!
